# Pediatric Intensive Care database exploration
Exploring the Pediatric Intensive Care database

This repo will contain my initial explorations of a pediatric ICU database from a large children's hospital in China.  This database is freely available from Physionet for credentialed users (https://physionet.org/content/picdb/1.1.0/). From the source:

"The Paediatric Intensive Care (PIC) database is a large paediatric-specific, single-center, bilingual database comprising information relating to children admitted to critical care units at a large children’s hospital in China. The database is de-identified and includes vital sign measurements, medications, laboratory measurements, fluid balance recordings, diagnostic codes, demographic information, and more. The data are publicly available after credentialing, which includes completion of a training course on research with human subjects and signing of a data use agreement mandating responsible handling of the data and adherence to the principle of collaborative research. The PIC database builds upon the success of the widely used MIMIC (Medical Information Mart for Intensive Care) database, and extends the approach into the field of paediatric critical care. The database has many unique characteristics which support academic and industrial research including the development of machine learning algorithms, clinical decision support tools, quality improvement initiatives, and international data sharing." (Li, Zeng, & Yu, 2020).

Li, H., Zeng, X., & Yu, G. (2020). Paediatric Intensive Care database (version 1.1.0). PhysioNet. https://doi.org/10.13026/32x9-wv38.
